Update enterprise-deployment-guide.rst (#3739)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/enterprise-deployment-guide.rst

Learning Objectives
*******************

This guide provides foundational information necessary when developing a plan for a proof of concept and/or production-level enterprise deployment of Mattermost.

It will not dive into the technical implementation, but will reference any relevant documentation.

By the end of this guide you should have an understanding of the high-level requirements for a successful Mattermost Enterprise deployment.

This includes:

> - Choosing how to deploy the Mattermost Server application.

Reviewer: This list should have full stops/periods at the end of each line; none of the lines is a full sentence.

Author: I added the periods for consistency as the rest of the lists have periods. I'm still hashing out our lists style/standard so I'll review my proposal and revert on this.

Reviewer: Ah, I meant to say that they **shouldn't** have periods at the end because they're not full sentences. I defer to you here—if you're trying to keep things consistent and working on an overall style/standard, I'm ok with whatever you decide.

What Makes Mattermost Different?
********************************

Mattermost is a high-trust messaging platform for enterprise use. As enterprises come in all shapes and sizes, Mattermost has been built to provide an optimal experience for all customers.

> The emergence of `ChatOps <https://mattermost.com/chatops>`_ means Mattermost is no longer an exclusive developer tool. In fact, it has the ability to enhance communication through a multitude of `integrations <https://integrations.mattermost.com>`_, extensions, and customization.

Reviewer: Would say, "...Mattermost is no longer **a tool predominantly used by developers**. In fact...enhance communication **for many kinds of teams** through a multitude..."

> The emergence of `ChatOps <https://mattermost.com/chatops>`_ means Mattermost is no longer an exclusive developer tool. In fact, it has the ability to enhance communication through a multitude of `integrations <https://integrations.mattermost.com>`_, extensions, and customization.

Author: ```suggestion
The emergence of `ChatOps <https://mattermost.com/chatops>`_ means Mattermost is no longer a tool predominantly used by developers. In fact, it has the ability to enhance communication for many kinds of teams through a multitude of `integrations <https://integrations.mattermost.com>`_, extensions, and customization.
```

Mattermost Scaling
------------------

Growing your Mattermost installation from supporting a team to supporting an enterprise requires two types of `scaling <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/scaling.html>`_.

**Technical Scaling:** Whether used for teams or enterprises, the Mattermost server is designed to support tens of thousands of users on a single server with appropriate hardware. We officially support running Mattermost Server on multiple `Linux distributions and on-premises cloud solutions <https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/administrator.html#installing-mattermost>`_.

**Functional Scaling:** Scaling from a team to an enterprise is like going from a "virtual office" to a "virtual campus". Advanced features like enterprise authentication, granular permissions, compliance and auditing, and advanced reporting become increasingly important as organizations grow beyond teams.

Mattermost Licensing
--------------------

Mattermost Enterprise Edition comes with two licensing options: Enterprise E10 and Enterprise E20.

> The E10 license suits smaller organizations with less need for automation and compliance, while the E20 license will provide you with features like AD/LDAP, SAML 2.0, automated compliance export, and team-specific permissions. You can find a full comparison `here <https://mattermost.com/pricing-feature-comparison>`_.

Reviewer: Change "...the E20 license will provide you with features..." to "...the E20 license offers features..."

> The E10 license suits smaller organizations with less need for automation and compliance, while the E20 license will provide you with features like AD/LDAP, SAML 2.0, automated compliance export, and team-specific permissions. You can find a full comparison `here <https://mattermost.com/pricing-feature-comparison>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
The E10 license suits smaller organizations with less need for automation and compliance, while the E20 license offers features like AD/LDAP, SAML 2.0, automated compliance export, and team-specific permissions. You can find a full comparison `here <https://mattermost.com/pricing-feature-comparison>`_.
```

> Once you have downloaded and installed Mattermost, navigate to **Main Menu > System Console** to activate a 30-day Enterprise trial.

Author: @esadur, this is the proposed change. 3/5 on the wording, it can definitely be improved.

Reviewer: I'd say "Once you have installed and deployed Mattermost, you can activate an Enterprise E20 trial license by navigating to **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License** and clicking the **Start trial** button."

> Once you have downloaded and installed Mattermost, navigate to **Main Menu > System Console** to activate a 30-day Enterprise trial.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have installed and deployed Mattermost, activate your Enterprise E20 trial license via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License** and select **Start trial**.
```

Author: Reworded for stylistic alignment but not sure it works well. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Saying "activate **your** Enterprise E20 trial license" suggests that they already have the trial license, but this feature is all about the simplicity of clicking the **Start trial** button to start the trial and not needing to go get a trial license on your own.

Author: So something more along the lines of:

"Start an Enterprise E20 trial via **Main Menu > System Console > Edition and License > Start trial**.

Author: @esadur, following up on this. :)

Reviewer: Looks fine to me

Notifications have gained importance in our daily lives. Modern operating systems all have a way to point the user's attention towards important events from specific apps. There are three different types of notifications in Mattermost: desktop, email, and mobile push notifications. Mattermost will notify you of messages with any of these characteristics:

> - Direct Messages

Reviewer: This list should have full stops/periods at the end of each line; none of the lines is a full sentence.

Author: See first comment on this. Agree that they're not full sentences, will revert re: style.
